Things were simpler back when we could buy hardware
and a few software licenses,
hoping that it was enough,
but not too much to run whatever we needed,
and that was it.
In the cloud, we don't have to pay for much upfront,
and we can scale way beyond what we originally anticipated.
This flexibility, though, comes with a trade-off.
We are talking about cost complexity.
If the cost of cloud is holding you back,
this episode is for you.
We're going to talk about understanding AWS pricing
and billing,
and share tools and tips to get better visibility
and control on your AWS costs.
We will also let you know some ways
you can get AWS to pay the bill for you.
I'm Eoin, I'm here with Luciano,
and this is the AWS Bites podcast.
AWS Bites is sponsored by fourTheorem.
fourTheorem is an AWS consulting partner
offering training, cloud migration,
and modern application architecture.
Find out more at fourtheorem.com.
You'll find the link in the show notes.
Luciano, cloud computing is often compared
to your domestic utilities like electricity.
You pay for what you use,
and this is probably very appealing
if you've got very low or very sporadic usage,
since you don't pay for the idle time.
So if this is the case,
why does cloud computing cost scare people off so much?
Yeah, I think it's because everything looks great
when you don't have surprises,
and you can have some surprises
because the billing model is a bit complicated.
So people are naturally scared about,
okay, what if I didn't get it right?
What if it doesn't turn out to be as cheap
as people say it should be?
Because so many variables,
I don't really have a lot of confidence
that my understanding of this model is correct.
And the way I'm gonna be using
this cloud computing magic thing,
maybe it's not necessarily the same as other people do.
So it might be cheaper for them,
but it might not necessarily be cheaper for me.
So, and another interesting thing
is that there is this concept of free tier,
which is kind of a way for AWS
to allow people to just step into AWS
and play around and try different things.
Theoretically without incurring any costs.
But again, you need to be very careful
about what is the promise there?
What are the limits that you need to be careful?
Like when are you within this free tier?
It's not something obvious.
It depends on how you use AWS.
So it might be very easy for you to,
don't even realize that you are actually going
over the free tier and end up with a bill
that might actually be even significant for you.
We actually have a link in the show notes
with the definition of what the free tier actually is
and some frequently asked questions around it.
So that's another thing that we suggest people to look into
if you are still a little bit skeptical about AWS
getting started, what is the free tier?
What can you get effectively for free?
So that can be a very good resource
to kind of figure out exactly where to start
and what can you get for free.
I want to give you another example
just to make the point that sometimes things
can be surprisingly expensive.
And that's something that you hear stories
and then scare people off.
Then they say, no, I don't want to go to AWS
because I don't want to be that next person
to have a horror story about billing.
And this is very typical and it's about NAT gateways.
We have been talking about them a lot in the past,
also in our "Horror Stories" episode.
So it's a recurring one.
And the point is that whenever you are building
an application in the cloud,
you need to do some networking
and it's very common that you create
your own private networks.
And then when you need to have compute
that needs to access the internet,
you end up provisioning a NAT gateway
in your private networks.
And NAT gateway is a service from AWS.
So it comes with its own cost structure
that you need to understand.
And it looks very cheap because it's like 5 cents per hour.
And then you pay a certain amount for data processing,
which might feel like a little bit of a need than cost.
And at first glance can look very cheap as well
because it's 5 cents per gigabyte,
more or less depending on the region.
Oh, there is also an additional 10 cents
for the amount of data that goes
to the public internet, I believe.
So depending on how much traffic you are actually having
from your private VPC to the public internet,
that might end up escalating very, very quickly.
And you might end up with a massive bill
without even realizing,
like just with a NAT gateway, you end up paying so much.
So this is just one of the other stories
that people use as evidence that the cost structure
is not easy to understand.
And you might end up with surprises
that are not nice to have.
I think there's just some things you have to be aware of
that you can't really escape.
And the NAT gateway is a classic example,
but I think data transfer in general
is one of those things that's frequently complained about
when it comes to AWS pricing.
It's always free to get your data in,
but unsurprisingly, maybe it's costly to send it out.
So you pay for data transfer between AWS regions
for data transfer out to the internet.
You also pay for data transfer
between availability zones in a region.
So you can have an EC2 instance
that's talking to an RDS database in a different AZ,
and you'll pay for that.
S3 pricing has become a bit better.
We talked about that in a few previous episodes
because of the competition from Cloudflare
with their S3 alternative.
Now you can get 100 gigabytes out for free.
So maybe we can paint a picture of cost complexity
with an example.
So if you imagine we have a typical web server architecture
with a database cluster, EC2 instances,
some EBS volumes attached to those,
a load balancer, internet gateway, NAT gateway, DNS,
you've got a number of services there already.
But for each of those services,
you'll also have multiple different pricing dimensions.
So if we just look at the EBS component,
the price for your EBS volumes,
so having this disk essentially attached to your instance
will depend on the volume type,
and you will choose a different volume type
depending on whether you're optimizing for throughput
or IO operations.
And then it's a function of that volume type,
the size, the throughput, the number of IO operations.
And then you also have things like EBS snapshots,
and you might have backups as well.
And these are difficult things to understand.
Like EBS snapshots are kind of incremental in deltas.
So it's not very easy to always predict
what the cost is going to be.
And in that example as well,
load balancer cost is another tricky one.
With load balancers, you pay a standing charge,
but also you pay for LCUs,
which are load balancer capacity units.
Lots of different AWS services have  CU,
like DynamoDB has write capacity units,
and even the new Neptune serverless has, I think,
Neptune capacity units or something.
With the load balancer case,
each LCU gives you like a number of connections,
a number of new connections, data throughput,
rule evaluations.
So you have to work out all these things for your workload
and figure out what the cost is going to be.
So unfortunately, a lot of the advice here is,
do your homework and become good at it.
It's just becoming part of software architecture
that you have to understand pricing models
just as much as you do,
understand performance and scalability.
But look, it's not all horror stories.
There's actually quite a lot you could do.
It can also be really advantageous in terms of cost
if you get it right.
I mean, some people get away
with ridiculously low AWS bills.
I think one good example was A Cloud Guru,
who ended up building their entire learning management system
on serverless and AWS,
and frequently publicly talked about how,
despite the fact that they were pretty much
the poster child for serverless applications
for a number of years,
with hundreds of thousands of users and massive revenues,
their AWS bill was essentially zero.
So there's a good side to this as well.
But what would you recommend, Luciano,
for first early adopters to AWS
to try and ease the burden and complexity here?
Because it does end up a bit scary.
Yeah, I want to echo what you just said,
that you need to do your own homework and get good at it.
And there are some tools that can help.
For instance, there are billing simulators,
even official AWS ones that you can use.
And we might have a link in the show notes.
But what I find most of the time more useful
is just use a spreadsheet
or whatever tool makes sense to you,
because that's, I think it forces you a little bit more
to understand these dimensions
when you have to build the model yourself.
Like it makes you go a little bit deeper
than just using a simulator
where you might forget to look at a particular field.
And then you won't consider a particular dimension,
which might end up being very relevant
in the final cost calculation.
And building your own spreadsheet,
it can be an interesting exercise.
I don't know if you have startup experience,
but when I end up doing this exercise myself,
it always feels like I am doing a business plan
for a startup.
And when you do a business plan for a startup,
it's always a lot of like guesstimation,
because there are so many dimensions
that you might have a feeling on
where this might go over time.
But again, it's just a wild guess,
more or less informed,
depending on how much control you actually have
on that particular dimension.
And most of the time,
you don't really have a lot of control.
So it could be interesting to do all of that exercise,
but when you do that exercise for a startup,
there is an element of how much it's gonna cost me,
but you always try to add another element
of where can I save money?
Like, can I get some credits or something from somewhere?
And you can definitely do the same exercise
with AWS as well,
because as we said in the intro,
there are also ways to get discounts
or get AWS to pay something for you in a way or another.
And one thing that is actually really, really interesting
is a program called AWS Activate
that can give you credits
if you are a startup or a solo founder.
We are gonna have, again, the link in the show notes,
but the idea is that if you are a startup,
you can get up to $100,000 in credits.
There are, of course, constraints and limits
that you need to check
to make sure you actually classify for that.
But if you can, of course, it's a huge advantage
to have that kind of level of discount,
especially for a company that is not stable yet.
You might be scared that the cloud can just bankrupt you
if you don't do it in the right way.
And at the very beginning, maybe you're not confident,
you're not gonna have all the skills
to get the right architecture set away.
You might need to experiment,
you might need to pivot, try different things.
So just having that extra cash available for you
that you don't have to spend yourself,
I think it can just boost your confidence,
it can just boost your success rate as well,
because you will have a lot more freedom to do mistakes
and then recover from them.
So that's also something you can do
even if you are a solo founder
and you are just starting,
and it's actually quite easy to get Activate credits
up to $1,000.
So even if you just have a very simple idea
that you want to test, and again, you don't have any revenue
because you don't even know
if that idea is gonna be successful,
you can pretty much get the credit
and probably build everything for free
because probably with $1,000,
you can build a lot of stuff and validate your idea.
And then maybe decide if it's the case to invest more,
grow the company, hire somebody,
maybe try again for the Activate program
at a bigger level and get more credits.
And we need to keep in mind that of course,
if you are a company that has been in the market
for very long, you might not be considered a startup.
So what are the option there
if you are an established company?
Does it mean that you don't get any credits
or is there something else you would do there?
Yeah, there's even more options, I would say,
for larger companies.
Before we get to that, actually,
I've previously used AWS Activate credits.
I was a solo founder of a company.
I think my advice there is ask for the credits.
Don't just look at the official channels.
I mean, generally you have to go through an accelerator
or incubator to get them,
but AWS are keen to give you those credits.
And it's an investment from them as well
because I was in a case where I used those credits,
did a lot with AWS, went on in subsequent companies
to do even more with AWS
and it's all good for their business, right?
So they want people to get stuck into AWS
and have success stories building on AWS.
And you can apply multiple times as well
to hit that $100,000 limit.
So definitely don't be shy
when it comes to applying for AWS Activate credits.
For larger companies, there's one great program,
which is called the AWS MAP program
or the Migration Acceleration Program.
And this is a significant fund for migrating to AWS.
And when we're talking about migrating to AWS,
that could be an existing on-prem application
or it could be hosted somewhere else,
or it could even be something that's a set of Excel sheets
and a business process you have internally in your company.
And there's a load of funds available for that.
So if you, they break it down into three phases.
You've got a fund for the assessment phase.
This is kind of where you're doing discovery
and planning for your migration.
And they'll pay for a partner like fourTheorem
to do a lot of that work for you.
And they'll fund up to $60,000 for that.
And then the next phase is Mobilize.
So this is basically when you're getting ready
to actually do the migration.
So that could be running proof of concept projects.
It could be preparing your AWS organization
with landing zones, et cetera.
And they'll pay for half of that as well.
Then when we get into the actual migration,
AWS will give you credits or cash back
for up to 25% of the annual recurring revenue.
So for anybody migrating to AWS, it's a bit of a no-brainer.
You do have to reach certain targets.
So there's two different versions of the program,
but it depends on your, ultimately your annual revenue.
But I would always say,
no matter what you're doing with AWS,
always pester your solutions architect and account manager
as much as possible to do as much for you.
The more you talk to them,
the more you'll find out about these programs.
You can also talk to us about this.
Like I mentioned, fourTheorem,
our employer and the sponsor of the show
is an accredited MAP partner.
So we can do these migration workloads.
There's a lot of due diligence that goes into making sure
that the people who help you with the workloads
know how to do it.
So we'll give a link in the show notes
to the fourTheorem page just about MAP,
because it covers a very nice,
it's a very nice summary of what it provides there.
But you can also do this for multiple workloads.
So if you're an enterprise
and you've got lots to migrate to AWS,
you can apply for multiple MAP programs.
So when it comes down to that back to, you know,
tips and tools for optimizing costs then,
one thing I'd recommend setting up is AWS Budgets.
And of all the tooling that's out there
for setting up cost optimization
and getting control of budgets,
AWS Budgets is a pretty simple one.
It doesn't take very long to set up
and it gives you a bit of a safety factor right away.
So with these budgets, the simplest approach
is just to set a cost amount for your organization
or for each account.
And when your budget is either in reality
exceeding that threshold or is forecast,
you can configure it to use real data or forecasts,
it's forecast to reach your threshold, you'll get an alert.
So that alert can come in via email
or it can come in via Slack over SMS, et cetera.
You can make them more advanced.
Like you can select specific services for your budget,
like have a different budget for EC2
and a different one for S3.
But the simplest thing is to just start off with,
okay, let's put X dollars on each account
and measure over time and adjust the budgets.
And it works pretty well.
You can also set up budgets for things like
Reserved Instances and Compute Saving Plans,
which we'll mention later.
The last thing on those budgets
is that you can even automate actions.
So when budgets are exceeded, you can take serious action,
like denying people in the accounts
from doing EC2 RunInstance.
So if you really, really, really have to ensure
that you're not going to incur those costs,
is there's always this balance between giving developers
and AWS practitioners freedom,
but also controlling costs.
So you need to decide how much leeway you're going to give.
The different companies have different philosophies
on that, you know.
I remember hearing, I don't know if it was Brian Scanlon
or somebody else from Intercom speaking at an event
a few years ago, talking about it,
their AWS approach to costs
and their approach to cost was always retroactive.
So give developers as much freedom
to create the resources they need,
and they'll look at the cost in retrospect
and see if they need to take action.
Their belief was that it's always more,
it's better for business to allow people freedom
and innovation and accept the cost surprises
that might come along, rather than slowing people down
and always having that ongoing expense
in terms of people power.
Yeah, there are other tools that you can find
in the AWS console that can be very useful
to try to understand cost
and also manage it in a way or another.
One of the most famous is definitely Cost Explorer,
which is an interesting one because it's not the simplest,
but when you get the grips on it,
it can be pretty helpful because you can effectively
drill down and make kind of interactive visualization
on what is your actual cost.
There are some rough edges, for instance,
sometimes the usage type, it's a bit confusing.
Like it's a bit hard to actually attribute some costs
to something specific.
And this again has to do with the way
certain type of costs are grouped together,
but all over it's a pretty useful tool.
And as soon as you learn what are the things
that are a little bit misleading,
everything else is still very, very valuable.
One interesting thing is that it has a forecast feature.
So it gives you like a figure of how much are you
probably gonna be spending at the end of the month
for a particular visualization that you are building.
And that of course might be more or less accurate
depending on how predictable is your cost.
Like if you have a very spiky service where the fact
that it's spiky doesn't really depend on anything
that you do recurringly, maybe, I don't know.
You just have randomly mentioned in the news
and therefore your traffic multiplies by 100.
Of course, this is not something that the cost calculator
is gonna be able to predict very well.
So it gives you more or less a figure of if everything
remains more or less as the same shape
that we have observed before,
it could be actually pretty accurate.
So something to keep checking to make sure that your cost,
you have a figure that is kind of also a little bit
projected in the future.
One case where that can be useful is for instance,
if you are testing new services,
like you're spinning up clusters, so I don't know,
Cassandra, just to make an example,
then you can see that prediction actually skyrocketing
because it gets projected in the future.
So that can be one case where this particular feature
can be very, very beneficial because it can give you
an early indication that you have done some important change
that is actually projecting at much higher cost
in the future.
So keep that in mind, try it, play around with it,
and maybe you can find some value in it.
There is also Cost and Usage Reports, which allow you to export effectively CSV to S3.
So you can take all the data about cost
and analyze it with whatever tool
is the more convenient for you to do kind of fine-grained
queries on the data and you can aggregate it as you need.
It is updated once per day.
So at the end of the day, you can use all the data
and you can build your own tooling around that
if you really want to have fine-grained control
around the cost data.
Of course, you can also query it with AWS tools.
For instance, Athena, it's a very good tool to query data
in a structured form in S3.
So definitely you can just use Athena
to do more advanced queries.
You don't need to build your own infrastructure
just to query that data.
So I suppose the next question will be,
assuming that you are a large enough company
where you have maybe different departments,
different groups with different responsibilities,
and you might have different microservices,
so different areas of your company are responsible
for different microservices,
probably you want to see cost at the department level.
What can we do there?
Like what kind of suggestion would you have there?
Maybe my feeling is that you can use a cloud service
and maybe my feeling is that you can use accounts
and organize things by accounts.
Maybe you can use tags, but I don't know Eoin,
if you have any tip or best practice
that you would recommend there.
I agree 100%.
I think the two things you can do there,
I think generally people recommend tags
and that was always because it was normal
to have shared accounts in the past.
So tagging was more important.
Tagging is still important and that depends on your business
and how it's structured and how many cost centers you have
and where the budget is allocated.
To have like a cost center tag if you need to,
and then to have project specific tags as well,
because you'll end up with resources
that can be shared in some accounts
and that's just the useful thing to do.
But if you've got kind of a modern AWS landing zone
with different accounts for different workloads,
then it's actually easier then to allocate costs
because you can just look at it per account.
But I would definitely recommend having both if you can.
By the way, we have an episode dedicated to tagging.
We are gonna be posting the link on the show notes
if you want to deep dive on that topic.
You mentioned like with cost and usage reports,
you get data that's updated once per day.
So what do you do if you wanna react quicker?
And sometimes people feel like a day isn't enough.
I could have run up $50,000 by then.
So one thing I would recommend is for having good,
if we go back to our CloudWatch episodes,
we talked about having active monitoring
on CloudWatch metrics.
And those can be a useful proxy for billing
because if you've got excessive service usage,
that can mean a billing spike as well.
So if you've got Lambda
and you're worried about all of a sudden having like
some sort of cascading Lambda or recursive Lambda bug
that causes a herd of functions to be allocated
with your maximum account concurrency for 24 hours,
then I would say, put an alarm on the concurrent executions
of your Lambda functions and monitor that.
You can put an anomaly detection alarm
or you can say, look, I don't expect any of my functions
to be invoked very frequently,
especially if you're like early stage startup,
because I'd like just put an alarm
if all my functions are being invoked
with more than 100 concurrent executions
for an hour long period.
And all of a sudden you've got an alarm
and that can give you early indicator
that there might be something
that might eventually cause a billing issue.
You can also create your own metrics.
So there's useful metrics around API usage.
There's a set of CloudWatch metrics called API usage metrics.
So you can find out how often certain APIs are called.
You can use that to build, get cost insights in advance,
but you can also create your own metrics.
And we've done this in the past with containers.
So if you want to monitor the number of containers,
if you've got large fleets of instances or containers,
AWS doesn't give you very good metrics out of the box
that tells you how many instances of each type
you've got running all the time.
So you can create your own, right?
Just have a function or on the schedule
or something that monitors the number of instances
of a certain type you want to monitor,
create your own metric and put an alarm on it.
And then you can automatically turn off resources
with Lambda functions or Systems Manager
based on those alarms.
So if you don't want to be focused
on just detection and mediation, you can get strict.
If you wanna get real draconian,
you can be taking more of a preventative approach.
I mean, I guess, but like there is a reasonable case
for having some more preventative measures in place.
So you can use Service Control Policies.
A very simple thing is to, say,
exclude regions that you don't expect to be using, right?
Because then you don't have somebody who accidentally
or just does an experiment in a region you're not monitoring
and all of a sudden you end up with a cost in that region.
So just limit the amount of surface area
you have to observe for your billing data
by turning off regions.
But you can also turn off certain services.
If you don't expect people to be using Sumerian,
then turn it off, right?
You can just turn it off at an organizational level
and you can also limit resources of specific types.
Like you can limit access to those really awesome,
expensive EC2 instances that have like terabytes of RAM.
When we're talking about costs,
are we normally talking about compute?
Like EC2, containers, Lambda,
is that where the bulk of cost is gonna come from?
Yeah, I think it might, but it also might not.
There is definitely a lot more to explore.
And every deployment is somewhat different.
You might end up using entirely different set
of resources in AWS.
So I think it's important to try to have a full picture
of where the cost might be.
And then you try to apply that to your use case
and see exactly, okay, my use case,
I might be using more storage rather than compute
or more networking rather than anything else.
And so yeah, definitely do the research
and try to spend the time to understand
what your workflow looks like
and what are the things
that you're gonna be using the most
because those will be probably the ones
that will contribute the most to the final cost.
And there are certain things that you might want to look
into to understand how can you actually fine tune
your cost depending on what you're actually going
to be using the most.
For instance, if you feel that instances,
like virtual machines, is the things
that you are going to be spending most of your money
in the AWS building, you can look into,
okay, how do I optimize instances?
So you might start to look at different distance types
that maybe are more optimized for your specific workloads.
You don't need to buy a big machine
where you have tons of CPU and tons of memory
and graphic cards, maybe if you just need a good CPU.
You can find machines that give you only the good CPU
and they don't really give you everything else
if you don't need it.
And this is just to make an example.
There are so many combinations of EC2 instances
and even with re:Invent,
we are seeing new ones being created all the time.
So definitely there is a CPU configuration,
sorry, a EC2 configuration instance type
that can match exactly the kind of use case
that you have.
So do your research and look into that.
But that's not the only option
because sometimes you think you need a lot of EC2 instances
because you have a very variable workflow.
But in reality, you don't always need
all these EC2 instances all the time.
So you can start to think about,
okay, how can I make it cheaper?
So maybe you can figure out,
can you use auto scaling groups to spin up
instances up and down depending on
what is your actual usage, what is your actual traffic?
Or another thing that you can do is
you can think about spot instances,
which is another entirely different model,
which is really interesting.
Maybe we'll have a dedicated episode
to talk more about that.
But the gist of it is that you are not going to be paying
the full price of an EC2 instance.
You're going to be paying something,
some kind of discounted price.
But because the caveat is that
that instance is somewhat volatile,
like it's not going to stick there forever.
You can use it as long as that instance
is not being used by somebody
that's willing to pay a bigger price for it.
So it's kind of an auction market for
available EC2 instances.
But if you can afford for your compute model
to have an instance that can go down any minute,
that can be much cheaper for you to use.
So you might have a pool of instances
that are actually reserved,
but you can also extend that pool with spot instances
that will give you extra compute
when you need it at a much cheaper price.
And another thing is Reserved Instances,
which is when you pay some amount upfront.
Again, this is something maybe worth going into
more detail in a future episode,
but the idea is that if you know in advance
you're going to be needing these EC2 instances
for the next five years,
why not trying to get a discount on them?
Try to reserve them for five years,
AWS is going to give you a better deal on those instances.
So this is another way that you can decrease
that compute cost.
And there are other things like Compute Savings Plans.
So again, the idea is once you understand
what is the bulk of your cost,
try to think what are the things that I can play with
to reduce that cost.
And sometimes it's architecture,
sometimes it means using other services,
sometimes it's trying to figure out a better usage model
where you try to fit your actual usage
to something where you have less waste, basically.
You are paying exactly for what you use.
We already mentioned cost calculator,
we already mentioned spreadsheet,
so try to exercise those muscles and use it
and you'll get better at it.
You'll understand more and more the more you use AWS
and I think it's going to become less and less scary.
And it's going to become just another capability
that you have in your business
to every time you want to do something also to put in place,
some time and some expertise
to understand the cost in advance
and include that as part of building new workloads
and new capabilities into your business.
I think that's all I have in my side.
I don't know Eoin if you have any closing advice
that we can give people?
I think, yeah, I definitely recommend people checking out
that AWS Pricing Calculator.
You just go to calculator.aws
so that should be pretty easy to remember.
You don't even need to look at the link in the show notes,
but it's a web-based application, right?
And you can just pick your services,
enter the different units for the different dimensions
and it'll give you a cost and you can share,
you get a shareable link
that you can share with other people
and you can also download a spreadsheet from it as well.
There are some bugs and niggles with it.
I've heard people say that sometimes
all of the calculation data doesn't stick.
So just be careful with that.
But I always recommend doing a spreadsheet approach anyway,
especially if you're doing a serious cost calculation
and not just a back of an envelope kind of a calculation.
What you can do with spreadsheets
is that you can get a little bit more granular
and you can say, okay, based on this number of users,
then I expect this number of API requests
and this number of function invocations.
So then you can actually play around
with the business inputs as well.
Like what if I get, you know, peak usage on Black Friday?
What would that look like in terms of cost?
Spreadsheets are good.
And then you can use the spreadsheet
to validate the cost calculator outputs and vice versa.
I think it's also worth mentioning
the AWS Well-Architected Framework Cost Optimization Pillar.
It's one of the six pillars.
And that documentation is, you know,
just good advice on cost optimization in general
and putting the practices in place.
There's also a hands-on lab.
And then just a reminder as well,
don't forget to check out the AWS Activate and MAP programs.
What better way to deal with your building
getting AWS to pay it for you?
We have experience of both.
So if you have any questions,
feel free to reach out to Luciano or myself.
And finally then if you like AWS Bites,
please share the link with a friend or a colleague
because, you know, our audience is growing more
all the time as the audience grows.
We got lots of good ideas, suggestions and feedback.
So keep those comments coming on YouTube and Twitter as well.
Thanks for joining us.
We'll see you in the next episode.
See you in the next one.